Add table aws_redshift_event_subscription. Closes #219 (#230)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: docs/tables/aws_redshift_event_subscription.md

# Table: aws_redshift_event_subscription

> Amazon Redshift Event Subscription notifies when an event occurs for a cluster,snapshot,security group, or parameter group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amazon Redshift Event Subscription notifies when an event occurs for a cluster, snapshot, security group or parameter group.
```

## Examples

### Basic info

```sql
select
  cust_subscription_id,
  customer_aws_id,
  status,
  sns_topic_arn,
  subscription_creation_time
from
  aws_redshift_event_subscription;
```

### List disabled event subscriptions

```sql
select
  cust_subscription_id,
  customer_aws_id,
  status,
  enabled,
  sns_topic_arn,
  subscription_creation_time
from
  aws_redshift_event_subscription
where
  enabled is false;
```

> 

Reviewer: Add a query to check whether the sns topic it is using is encrypted or not

Reviewer: can you check this suggestion also?

> ### Details of the source associated with event subscription

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get details of the source associated with event subscriptions
```
```suggestion
### Details of the source associated with event subscription
```
